.TH RUSMTPD 1
.SH NAME
rusmtpd \- an SMTP-client daemon that maintains connection with the
SMTP-server for added security.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rusmtpd
[\fB\-\-rusmtprc=PATH_TO_SMTPDRC]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B rusmtpd
A Simple SMTP daemon to facilitate working with encrypted passwords.

SMTP clients by default do not maintain the connection with the server.
If you don't like to enter your password whenever you send an email,
or the fact that your email/SMTP client stores passwords in plain text,
then this is the right tool for you.

This consists of two parts, a server that tries to get the password upon
starting (maybe decrypting it from gpg?), and a client that sends the
email to be sent to the server.

By default the daemon uses a builtin SMTP client that maintains the connection
with the SMTP server, does not keep the unencrypted password in memory. The
builtin SMTP client uses a secure connection (TLS) whenever available. If you
are sick with the builtin client or you are fine to keep the password
unencrypted in the memory, then you can configure the daemon to launch a
third-party SMTP client without losing any convenience.

At its current state, the builtin SMTP client only supports ESMTP and
only supports LOGIN (i.e. it uses username and password to authenticate
the connection).

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-\-rusmtprc=\fIPATH_TO_SMTPDRC\fR
An option to specify an alternative configuration file for the daemon. By default the daemon reads from $HOME/.rusmtprc, but this options overrides it. An example configuration file is already installed in $HOME/.rusmtprc.

.SH SEE ALSO
.B rusmtpc(1)
